This thing kills everyone.
FX presentsAtlanta.
No, I got, I got into it
with the Mexicans, man.
I got to deal with some eses.
Huh? It ain't my fault
I don't speak Spanish.
Yeah, I thought quincemeant 18.
Well, what does she have on
a wedding dress for?
Hey, sorry for being late,
my man.
Commode in my house backed up
and my petty-ass girlfriend
done hid all the plungers.
It's all good, man.
It's-it's all good.
I'm sorry,
did you say something?
Yeah, I was answering you, man.
Oh, no, I'm on the phone,
my man.
Okay, hold on, son.
Yeah, she said she ain't even
trust me around rubber and wood.
Hid all the plungers.
What type of petty person
do some shit like that?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. So what we doing?
My man, what we doing?
Oh, nigga, I don't know when
you talking to me, I'm sorry.
Um, the usual.
No. Course not.
She don't be thinking
about nothing else, either.
With that fine ass,
she gonna get it, though.
You know what I'm saying?
It's all good.
When I get my income tax,
I'm-a open my own shop
or-or I'm-a buy my own
WNBA team, one of those...
-Yo, Bibby.
-Hey, man, let me let you go.
I got somebody
sitting in the chair.
Yeah, he's a little hostile.
I got to jet. I'll let you go.
Yeah, it's gonna probably take
me a little minute with this.
Yeah. All right, okay,
I'm fine with it.
Junebug did what?
You is bullshittin'.
-Bibby, man. If you don't...
man... -Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey. Hey, let me,
let me let you go.
All right, Bubba, okay, cool.
All right. All right, man.
Sorry about that, man. So what'd
you say we're doing today?
The usual, Bibby.
-All right, then,
the usual it is. -Yeah.
Hey. Let me ask you a question.
Did you see the news last night?
Them savages from Atlanta that
went into that T-Mobile store,
drove they car in there,
-got away with about 100 phones.
-Yeah, man. It's crazy out here.
I mean, it's-it's that time
of year though, I guess.
Yeah. Crazy.
Hey, yo, and that reminds me,
listen.
If you know somebody
that needs a iPhone,
tell them to holla at me
if they with T-Mobile.
-I got the hookup on the low.
-Got you, man.
-I appreciate that.
-All right.
So what we doing now?
Like I said, man, the usual.
All right, the usual, damn.
Usual, gonna have the usual.
You don't want to do
nothing different?
No, man. Look, I got, I got
a photo shoot coming up, man.
-So I just... want to look good.
-Oh!
Oh, you got a photo shoot
coming up.
-Yeah, man. I mean...
Nah, man. It's just a write-up
for me in a magazine.
Yeah. My boy done
went all Hollywood.
It's a write-up in a magazine,
and they want
to take some pictures,
so that's-that's what I'm doing.
Hey, you dating Kim Kardashian
now
-No, Bibby, man. -My boy done
went straight Hollywood on me.
-That's good, though.
-It ain't no Hollywood, Bibby.
-I ain't going
no Hollywood, man.
You know what, that reminds me,
as a matter of fact,
I'm glad you brought
that Hollywood shit up.
Me and my girl snuck in the AMC
the other day, see a movie.
We was looking at
the movie posters on the wall,
and guess how many movie posters
they got on there
with black people on them.
-Guess!
-One.
-Zero!
-Zero.
It's sad, man.
Key and Peele put a movie out
with a cat in it,
they put the cat on the poster.
They dressed the cat up
like a nigga instead of
putting two niggas that made
the movie on the poster.
So was it a cat in a suit
or just looked like a nigga?
It was...
You know, you know a cat,
what a, what a nigga cat
look like!
Okay. All right, man. I got it.
-It's fucked up. I know.
-It is.
Shit's nuts out here. I'm glad
somebody agree with me.
See, that's why I like you.
You smart.
Smarter than a lot of them.
Why I like you.
Oh, you got somewhere to be?
-Yes! Bibby, man. Yeah, I said
that, man. -Oh, shit, my bad.
-Hey, I didn't know. My bad.
Hey. -Just...
-Hey, no big deal,
baby. Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
No big deal.
You should've said that.
-All right, man. We good.
-I'll get you squared away.
-Oh, shit.
Don't worry about that.
Don't worry.
That ain't nothing.
Yeah, I got the cut, the usual.
Uh-huh.
Get you ready for Hollywood.
That reminds me, hey, did you
see that basketball player
that hit all them people at
the club in that invisible car?
-That shit on YouTube.
-Yeah, man.
-I-I know about it.
-That is the funniest vi...
You got to see this shit.
I got to show you this.
-Yeah, man.
-Shit here is funny.
But I ain't got to,
I ain't got to, I already...
Uh-uh. You got to watch this.
You need to watch this,
trust me.
-Yeah, watch that right quick.
I'm-a use the bathroom, though.
-Let me just...
Hey, Bibby, man. Somebody...
Somebody calling
your phone, bruh.
Raindrops, peach emoji?
Hello
Uh-uh. Don't do that.
Don't go through that. Hello?
Baby, baby, baby,
what is you yelling for?
I'm on my way!
I'm ten minutes...
I'm on 85 right now, I promise.
Promise to God, I'm on 85!
All right, I'm-a be there.
Cool. Shit.
Oh, boy.
-Leaving.
Leav...? Man, Bibby,
you can't leave me here
with half a haircut, man.
Look at this shit, man.
Come on now!
It's cool
'cause you coming with me.
-Come on.
-Bibby, I ain't going...
Man, I ain't going nowhere
till my hair get cut, bruh.
Come on, man.
Listen, my girl stay
five minutes around the corner.
I'll cut you over there.
-We'll be right back.
We already in
a barbershop, bruh.
Hey. I know you don't want
nobody else in here
to cut your hair
for your billboard, do you?
You trying to go
to Hollywood now.
You want to be on the poster or
you want the cat on the poster?
-A'ight, man.
-Come on now. Yeah, so...
-Come on.
-Shit, man!
-All right, let's go.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
We got to go out the back, man.
Them people, them people be out
there. Just come on this way.
We ain't going out the front?
Oh, goddamn.
♪
Hey, fam, what your cable
situation looking like?
-Yeah, your cable.
'Cause, listen,
I'm with Clear Cable now.
I'm working with them
on the side.
So if you sign up with me, I'll
make sure you're taken care of.
-You know what I'm talking
about? -I'm straight, Bibby.
Well, fine.
Do this for me, then.
Take these business cards,
pass them out at your show
or take them to a studio
or something.
Throw them at the crowd,
whatever you got to do.
Make sure you pick up
my loosies, though,
'cause them ain't cheap.
"Klear Cable." With a "K."
Clever, right?
Toothpick?
50 cent.
I'm good, man.
♪
Hey. Yo, my man. Hey.
Where your mom at, boy?
Where your...?
Oh, baby, I'm here!
You a hour late.
Come on, Omari.
Hour late?
What you talking about?
Let's go.
We're going. Let's go.
-Come on. -Wait, baby.
Calm down. Calm down.
Bibby, I ain't got time
for this.
-Move! -Baby, I'm here now.
What you doing?
-This ain't none of my fault.
It's his fault!
You always got
some type of excuse, man!
No, this not
no excuse this time.
Seriously, this is his fault.
He called me, talking about
his car was broke down.
You know what I'm talking about?
And I was on my way home to you.
I had told him.
He said, could I help him.
I was like, "Nah, I got to go
do the right thing."
You know what I'm saying?
But he start crying and stuff.
Talking about his engine.
Yeah, he had queef engine
or something like that.
And his carburetor had jaundice.
So I then had to go and pick him
up off the side of the road.
'Cause only reason
why I did that
is 'cause of all that Jesus
stuff you've been teaching me.
You're supposed to help.
-Mm-hmm.
He a magician!
How I supposed to know?
Listen, baby, look.
Look, now.
I'm trying to do
the right thing.
I only did this 'cause of you.
You've been trying
to get my life right.
It's been 'cause of you
I'm doing this.
I wouldn't even help the nigga
had it not been for you.
That's why I even came
over here to tell you.
I wanted to thank you
for all the stuff...
You-You done changed my life.
Thank you, baby.
-Hurry up.
-Thank you.
Come on, baby. Here.
My man, come on, let's get it.
Let's go.
I ain't got all day.
Oh... hey.
I wasn't talking to you.
I was talking to my man.
Come on, bro.
Bibby, man, I know you
kidding me with this shit.
I know you ain't just
gonna cut his hair
after driving me around
damn creation, man!
Listen, I know, but he had
an appointment, though.
-Nigga, so did I!
-That's true.
But, technically,
his was before yours.
Know what I'm sayin'?
Just calm down, man.
We gonna be here five minutes.
He... he just need a line.
-Go on, Bibby, man! Shit!
-Thank you, man.
Come on now.
It's all good.
Five more minutes.
♪
All right, little man.
There you go.
-MARY: Bibby!
The water's not running.
I thought you said
you paid the bill.
I did pay the bill!
Well, I guess
I'm imagining things, huh?
Thought I paid that bill.
You're a magician?
No.
That's what Bibby said.
-Well, Bibby's an idiot.
-That's mean.
Can you show me a trick?
Little man. I just told you
I wasn't a magician, okay?
What's wrong with your hair?
Are you sick or something?
MARY:
And now the power?!
-Bibby, you said you paid that!
-I did pay it, baby.
You know Donald Trump
and them biz out here.
The devil always trying
to steal our j...
You did not just steal from me.
This for the boy haircut!
I got to go, baby.
God bless you now.
-Bibby.
Bibby!
This nigga! Shit!
Hey, man.
Sorry about all that.
You know how crazy
these hos can get.
Hey, guess I'm staying with my
other woman tonight, you know...
Bibby, man, just take me back
to the shop, all right?
I ain't playing with you, Bibby.
Okay, all right.
All right.
You must be starving
though, right?
Hell yeah, man.
My whole day been fucked up
so far. Yes.
Good. Let me get you something
to eat. It's the least I can do.
-I'm-a take care of you.
Take you right back
to the shop after that.
We're gonna eat.
Hey, you like Zaxby's?
Nigga, don't be rude.
-Of course I love Zaxby's.
-I got you.
Thank you.
Talking 'bout. Shit.
What...?
-Yeah.
Come on, man, you know
I dabble in construction
from time to time.
Come on, you got to eat!
Nigga, this ain't no restaurant!
You coming or not?
Come on!
Here we go.
Zaxby's!
Nigga, these your leftovers?
No! I mean, I did eat the
chicken wings. And the sauce.
And part of that bread. But them
chicken tenders right there,
that's all you, my man.
Take me back to the shop, now,
'cause I swear,
you keep playing with me, Bibby,
and I'm-a fuck you up,
all right?
Listen. You the one
said you was hungry.
I was just trying
to help you out,
but we can go back to the shop.
Thank you. Let's go, man.
Hey, yo, just help me
get this lumber
-in the back of my truck...
-Man, fuck that, man!
Finish my hair!
Man, help me get this lumber.
I promise,
the faster we do this,
the faster I can cut your hair.
I'm taking you right back to
the shop after this, I promise.
Just help me load this up.
I promise!
Fuck, man!
Nigga, three?
You better pick up five.
-Use your back, too, bitch.
-I don't have that many muscles.
Come on, man.
Perfect. Just got
one more bundle, my man.
Shit!
Hey, yo, Al, let's go, man.
What do you think you're doing?
You stealing my lumber?
-What the... What are you, uh...
-Hey, ma'am, calm...
What the hell do you think
you're doing on my property?
-Ma'am, calm down.
-You're trespassing.
I know, ma'am.
Just calm down. Listen.
No, I will not calm down.
Who the hell are you?
Listen, I work
for the contractors
that's building
the house, right?
I loaned ya'll this lumber
as collateral.
-And then ain't nobody paid
us... -I'm calling the cops.
-Bibby.
-Don't call the... Listen.
All that ain't necessary, ma'am.
I had to reconfiscate this wood
'cause ain't nobody
paid me my money.
So, you should speak
to your husband,
-so we can get paid.
Oh, I will call my husband,
and then the police.
Well, do it then, beige lady!
Call 'em!
Hey! You son of a bitch.
We're gonna sue you!
Sue! But you need to talk
to your husband,
'cause we ain't had
no contracts, 'cause he cheap.
♪
That's my wood!
Hey. You don't think
she called the police, do you?
I'm still on probation, nigga,
so I hope the fuck not.
Nah, she ain't call 'em.
We all right. It's all good.
Do I even have to say it, Bibby?
-We should probably... -Should
probably head back to the shop.
-Just head on back to the shop,
yeah.  That's right.
I'm-a take you right on back,
get you cut up real quick.
I got you, Paper Boi.
-Oh, hell no!
♪
Bibby, goddamn it, man!
What are you doing?!
-It's all good. It's all good.
-Fucking toothpicks, man. Shit!
How you gonna do that when
I got no seat belt on, nigga?
My bad. You should wear
your seat belt at all times.
Yeah, no shit.
Why is your shit...?
-Yeah, that's the only thing.
-Man, Bibby...
Fuck it.
Oh, yeah, that one
don't work good.
Shit.
Lamar!
Look, Pops...
Hey, tell me
they just kidnapped you.
I know good and goddamn well
you ain't out here
skipping school again.
Tell me you're not skipping
school again.
-I'm sorry, Pops!
-Nah, don't be sorry.
-Shit.
-Don't be sorry now.
You think I work hard
at these three jobs
so you can walk around town with
your little nigglet friends,
skipping school all day?
I work hard, man.
But y'all think y'all grown,
don't you
Well, since y'all grown,
please tell me you put up
the street team posters
I gave you today.
Man, we put up a couple.
-We put up a couple!
Give them to me.
Man, y'all barely made a dent!
You had one thing to do today.
We ain't gonna never
get this $35 now.
And I trusted you
to do this for me.
You little niggas
ain't shit, man.
That's all right, though.
'Cause I got somebody here
for you, matter of fact.
Hey, yo, Alfred!
The hell you want, Bibby?
Hey! Come inspire the youth!
-Man, I ain't in this!
-Alfred, this is my son.
Yo, is that
Yeah, that's right.
That is Paper Boi.
And I brought him up here
to inspire y'all,
since y'all don't listen to me.
Hey, yo!
How come you don't look fresh?
-You don't look fresh or famous.
Y-Your hair is raggedy as shit.
Damn!
You out here looking
like a Super Saiyan.
Your hair is fucked up, man.
Like, damn. Oh, shit.
What the fuck did you do
to his hair, yo?
-Lamar. Not right now.
Not right now. -Pops. Pops.
Not right now.
You know why
it's fucked up? Hey.
You know why it's fucked up?
'Cause your crazy-ass daddy
was supposed
to cut my damn hair, a'ight?
And what the hell
it matter anyway, nigga?
I'm a regular-ass person.
I need to get
my hair cut sometimes.
Famous people need to eat
and shit
and brush their goddamn teeth!
I'm regular, bruh, all right?
Yo, so, um... can you put me on?
What?
I got a fire mixtape.
I'm like Lonzo Ball.
It's actually pretty good.
I'm done, man. Yup.
I'm done, bruh. That's it.
We done!
We done.
I'm going back to the shop,
cut his hair 'cause that's
what grown people do...
Yo, Lamar! Man, get your ass
in the car.
-Come over here.
-Bibby, let's go, man!
We... Come on, let's go.
Take y'all asses to school!
-Pops, I said I was sorry.
Hey! My man,
you don't have to be
sorry to me at all.
You can save that.
I don't care at all.
Hey, you got to explain that
to your mama.
-Please do not tell Mama. God!
Don't tell your mama?
Well, I'm calling her right now.
She got to know.
Shit, she the one wanted you.
-Bibby...
-I know. The kids these days,
right? -The road, man...
-The road, Bibby.
-Now you got Paper Boi mad.
-Bibby, the road, man.
-Yeah. I got this!
Nigga, if you kill me,
I swear to God,
-I'm-a fuck you up, boy.
-It's all good. I got this.
Oh, that's it.
Him asking me for favors,
you know what I'm talking about?
-These kids these days.
I ask you for favors
all the time.
You don't know nothing
about nothing!
Huh. Shit.
"Son, can you take
the trash out?"
-Bibby.
-The road, bruh.
-I-I'm fine.
-Damn. "Son, could you please
stop skipping school?" -Bibby.
-"Son, could you not jack off
with my good lotion?" -Bibby.
Right in front
of Paper Boi? -That kind.
-Simple. Simple...
-Bibby. Bibby!
-Bibby, man... Fuck!
-Nigga, man... -I'm fine.
Man, I got weed
in my fucking pockets, Bibby!
It's okay. Okay.
Everybody good.
-Everybody good.
-Get the fuck off me, man.
All right. It's good.
Everything good. Hey, listen.
Hey, y'all,
this what we gonna do.
Hey, hop in the driver's seat
right quick.
-I got warrants, man.
-Hop over here right quick.
-Fuck you, man!
I'm on probation, man!
-Get his ass up here!
-I don't have a license.
It's okay.
Hey, it's all good.
-It's all good. We good.
-Oh, my God.
BIBBY:
We good. We good. Listen, see?
The driver's still good.
They mobile, at least.
Everything fine.
We gonna be all right.
Oh, shit.
-Oh, goddamn it.
-Nah. Nah, fuck that.
ALFRED:
What?! Ah, Bibby, man!
♪
Get out, skipper.
Damn, with you skipping school.
You know, for the record,
I never wanted you.
Yo, Alfred!
Hey, Al, let's get you
that haircut, baby.
Anybody else pee a little bit
when we had that wreck?
Just me?
Hey, yo, Al, listen.
Hey, sorry about
the hit-and-run thing,
but you know
I can't go back to jail, baby.
I just can't do it.
I don't weigh enough.
You know, I'll be somebody
girlfriend immediately in jail.
I don't fuck with no jails.
Just passing by the Atlanta pen
make my boy-hymen hurt.
Hello?
Smooth, what's good, baby?
Oh, no, baby. I ain't busy.
You should've been called me.
I got that on me right now.
No, I'll bring it to you
right now. Don't be ridiculous.
I'm on my way.
I'll be right over there.
Yeah, I'm on my way.
No big deal.
Hey. I left something
in my truck.
Let's get you that haircut.
All righty.
My man. There you go.
See, no problem.
Looking good.
Ready.
My dawg.
Hey, um, you forgot to pay me.
ALFRED: Nigga, you got to be
fucking kidding me.
Nah. You haven't paid me.
You know,
you dragged me out of here,
you ruined my whole goddamn day,
you almost got me in trouble
with the fucking cops,
and then you almost killed me
with your goddamn driving, man.
Ruined?
Nigga, we had a good day today.
I took you to mentor
to some kids. You're welcome.
And then we-we ate
at that white lady house.
And then we hit that Asian lady
from the back,
you know what I'm talking about.
Then we came back up here,
I cut your hair.
I know good and goddamn well
he ain't drop my money.
No tip?
This ain't like the other ones
where, you know,
they just put three random
movies together, like Kazaam
or, you know, Glitter
or Leprechauns in the Hood.
I'm talking about
you need these, cuz.
Hey, my man, Paper Boi!
Good. You right on time, fam.
I ain't know you was coming.
Sit on down.
-ALFRED: Yeah, man.
Let me get a... temple fade.
Two?
Or a three?
Uh...
a tw...
No, man, a...
♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
♪ [orchestra: up-tempo
Italian instrumental]
ANNOUNCER: Trust.
All new, Sundays at 10:00 on FX.
[man's voice on radio
speaking Russian]
: We believe
that freedom and security--
[people shouting,
voices on radio, static]
ELIZABETH: Things have gone bad.
ANNOUNCER:
The Americans. Final season.
All new, Wednesdays at 10:00 on FX.
How are you feeling
since our last season?
I need to remind you,
what you think is real...
never occurred.
It's all in your head.
♪
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
ANNOUNCER:
Archer: Danger Island.
Premieres Wednesday, April 25,
only on FXX.